what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with the episode 6 recap
of the l word generation cue as always I
will be spoiling the episode in its
entirety
so watch at your own risk we're kicking
things off with our returning champ bet
Mayweather Porter as she deals with the
fallout from last night's confrontation
with Felicity's husband a media circus
is camped outside of bets home but that
doesn't stop Alice and Shane from
checking on their besties they find a
defeated bet licking her wounds and
contemplating dropping out of the race
Shane is sympathetic to BET's plight but
Alice feels betrayed after all
Alice publicly defended bets integrity
on her TV show for the whole world to
see when Alice realizes Bette confided
in Shane and not her she becomes
outraged and storms out Bette then
remembers she was supposed to drive baby
Angelica to the DMV to get her license
today
Shane offers to go in her place and
Bette gratefully accepts on the brink of
a breakdown
Bette decides to drop out of the race
Danny and Pierce take a break from
running through the background of every
other shot looking stressed to try to
stop it but her mind is made up
she opens the door to face the press and
finds
[Music]
you
the TN BB&T is back at least temporarily
turns out angie called mama t last night
and tina dropped everything to come
check on her family as Bette tells Tina
what happened you can practically feel
the chemistry losing between them that
is until Tina gets a call from her yet
to be identified boo thang you know the
one she left bet for BB and TR
reminiscing about happier days but
they're reminiscing leads to resentment
and soon accusations began to fly Tina's
still salty that vets selfish ways
sabotage their relationship and that
reveals how much it hurt her that Tina
didn't come to kits funeral even
insinuating perhaps vet wouldn't have
had to lean on Felicity if Tina had
shown up you should have been there I
thought you were my family
later that evening angie is back home
after acing her driver's test in spins a
little quality time with momma T they
start with some light-hearted Girl Talk
but Angie wants to know why Tina's not
around more Tina tells her I met your
mom when I was really young we fell in
love and that was wonderful
but somehow I got lost and I didn't
think that I could find myself unless I
left Bette is finally at the end of a
long day spent trapped inside her
million-dollar home surrounded by
gorgeous women danny has just gotten
word that Felicity's husband will not
press charges but only if met issues a
public apology in typical pet fashion
she tells Danny just what she thinks of
that offer Danny then suggests Bette
give a speech similar to the one she
gave at the LGBTQ youth center
powerful sincere and inspiring you have
the power to change people you changed
me and even though Tina is back I still
think the two of us are gonna eventually
smash Danny's pep talk works and Bette
finally faces the media in her speech
she opens up about kits opioid overdose
and maintains
is still committed to becoming mayor so
she can change the system from the
inside it's time for Tina to leave and
bet looks like she's losing her best
friend all over again
Tina tells bet she loves her in a we
have a kid together so I'll always love
you kind of way and the heartache on
BET's face is crushing when Tina goes in
for a hug that holds her tight and begs
her not to leave fresh off of storming
out on Bette Alice's at a restaurant
venting to Gigi and NAT they both offer
Alice comfort and when a curious
waitress notices Gigi tells her the
three of them are more than friends the
throuple is stuck in traffic and things
are tense Gigi refuses to go back inside
the closet but not isn't ready to tell
people nor does she want the kids to
know and poor Alice is caught in the
middle once they arrive home
Gigi doesn't want to stick around and
that is more than fine with that almost
immediately and that accuses Alice of
taking Gigi side and the to hash it out
NAT confesses that her strong feelings
for Gigi scare her and she doesn't want
to risk losing Alice Alice reassures NAT
that all is well and even suggests they
call Gigi to come back and even though
it is so incredibly obvious that this is
going to end really badly
the throuple perservere z-- Shane and
Kiara
are at the DMV waiting for Ange to
finish her driving test a fan of key
Aras comes up to them and asked for a
picture
lest we forget that Kiara is famous
after the photo angie pops up with the
good news that she's passed and Shane
gives her the keys and lets her decide
where they're going next unsurprisingly
they end up parked in front of Jordi's
big-ass house a nervous angie then asks
Uncle Shane how do you know if you love
someone
Shane hands off the question to Kiara
who answers it by it
telling Angie the story of how she and
Shane first met after the story Angie's
still hesitant until uncle Shane gives
her a rousing pep talk and sends her out
to get the girl from the car Shane
anxiously watches Angie spill her heart
to Jordy and it becomes evident that
Shane loves Angie as if she were her own
daughter Chiara tells Shane that this is
what she wants for them
Angie tells Jordi she loves her and
Jordi returns the sentiment and they
share a chaste kiss Shane and tiara
cheer loudly from the car and then Shane
tells Kiara she's in most of Danny's day
is spent in full PR crisis for Bette but
during a quick break in the drama she
and Pierce have a sit-down to compare
notes
Pierce is angry that Danny knew about
BET's affair with Felicity and didn't
tell him Danny
basically tells him to suck it up
because they have bigger fish to fry
she then launches into full cheerleader
mode and defends Bette like she's the
second coming
Pierce looks at Danny like this then
says bets gotten to you good luck and
then sees his way out meanwhile a
pissed-off Sofie is venting to buddy
Finley about Danny she and Danny is
still haven't made up after yesterday's
fight and to add insult to injury Danny
left at 4:30 in the morning without
saying a word to Sophie after spending
some time lounging around the pool
feeling sorry for themselves Sophie and
Finley decide to have a bros night out
the two bros are at dana's drinking
their cares away
a drunk Sophie brings up bets
attractiveness and insinuates Vette is
the reason for Danny's distance
not long after and even drunker Sophie
is dancing with Finley and they share an
almost romantic moment and while I
wouldn't call it the most shocking
moment of this particular episode it was
definitely the least expected bro night
is over and Finley is once again biking
home while drunk but this time Sophie's
hitched a ride they have a sweet
conversation and Sophie tells Finley
that she loves the hell out of her and
that Finley is the best part of her day
after a long day spent suckling from
vets teat
Danny comes home to find Finley and
Sophie asleep spooning on the couch she
goes upstairs to get ready for bed when
surprised a drunk but still coherent
Sophie appears and she's ready to talk
it out
once again Danny is not feeling it she
uses Sophie's intoxication as an excuse
to avoid talking but Sophie doesn't let
her off that easy
predictably they have yet another fight
and accomplished nothing it's the
morning after for Finley and tests and
tests seems more than a little shaken up
she notices a missed call from her
sponsor and feverishly talks about how
she needs to find a meeting as she and
Finley get dressed
Shan pops up and although what Tess has
done is a fireable offense Shane doesn't
fire her because you know Shane's cool
later while hanging with Sophie
Finley admits that she feels guilty
about Tess's relapse Sophie reassures
her that Tess is a grown woman
responsible for her own actions but
Finley is still plagued by doubts that
she's too damaged to be with anyone
especially since she couldn't make it
work with someone as amazing as Rebecca
after knocking back a few during bro
night Finley moseys on over to tests for
the dreaded post sex talk
Tess is in much higher spirits than she
was that morning and tells Finley it's
not a big deal but it's never gonna
happen again Tess then pours herself a
drink
Finley is having a great time as
Sophie's human teddy bear when Shane
shows up with some bad news
Chiara is moving in which means Finley
needs to find a new place to stay
Shane gives Finley a weeks notice but
before Finley can even come up with a
plan
Sophie invites her to move in with her
and Danny which I'm sure is gonna work
out well for everyone involved and that
is it for the recap thank you so much
for watching don't forget to subscribe
if you haven't already and I'll see you
guys next week